# Campus Attendance Solution

Website (Simple Back Office) - generated by grails scaffolding, very basic UI (will host for you for three months, or give you the WAR file and you can host yourself)
1) list the student, able to edit, update, delete, add (basic profile*, class, attendance)
2) list the lecturer, able to edit, update, delete, add (basic profile, class, staff position)
3) web api for mobile app
4) A button that will send a notification to all student with attendance rate lower than 80%, informing them they have been barred.(Will not care what week it is, this way it is easy to show your lecturer it works too)

*basic profile as in name, email, phone number, student id, ic number, address

Mobile App (Android only with android studio)
1) Login
- drop down to choose student/lecturer type

2) Profile
- basic profile -editable
-subject list -View only
-under each subject, class list (classes to be taught or classes to attend)

3) Timetable
-No fancy timetable structure, simply showing a datepicker to choose date(default to today), and show the list of class along with the time (eg: 08:00 Mathematics) for that day
-For student, a tick next to the class if already attended (eg: 08:00 Mathematics ✔ )

4) Notification List 
- A list of notification received from firebase cloud messaging
- For lecturer, a button that will appear a pop up. In the pop up, first drop down choose "subject" or "class". After choosing first drop down, second drop down box can choose a class/subject depend on first drop down, and a textbox to enter message. Once you click send, student in the selected class/subject will receive the notification, and will show up in their notification list
- clicking on one of the notification in the list will pop up the text

5)  Attendances
-a drop down of subject
- For student, after choose subject, show the list of missed class, attendance percentage for that subject
- For lecturer, after choose subject, show the list of students with less than 80% attendance for that subject so far

6) QR
- a drop down of class, order by date time. classes with date and time less than today wont be shown in the drop down.
- For lecturer, after choose class, click generate button to pop up a qr code. This qr code will be sent to web api as temporary code.
- For student, after choose class, click scan button to scan the qr code on teacher's phone. after scan, it will be sent to web api to verify its the correct code and mark as attended.
